[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Welcome to
House of Wellbeing.
You're listening to the Dating
Confidence Mind Talk audio.
In a moment, the
hypnosis will begin.
But before it does,
I'd like to remind you
that the following
audio contains
powerful hypnotic
suggestions that
aim to help you reach a
deep level of relaxation.
So please be sure that wherever
you're listening to this audio,
you're in a safe and
comfortable place,
free from distractions, where
you can fully relax and let go.
Please don't listen to this
if you're driving or operating
machinery.
Should there be an emergency,
your subconscious mind
will alert you, and you'll
easily come out of hypnosis.
But right now,
there's nothing at all
you need to do apart
from close your eyes,
relax, and let go and enjoy
all the peaceful benefits
and feelings that come with it.
I'd like you now
to make yourself
as comfortable as
possible and listen
to the sound of my voice.
And as you do so, you may be
aware of other sounds going on
around you.
But you know that
they're not important.
They don't matter at all.
And you can dismiss them
out of your awareness
and focus your mind
entirely on what I'm saying.
This is your time and
you make the most of it.
No one needs or wants
anything from you at all.
And I'd like you to
take in a deep breath,
filling your lungs
as much as you can.
And let it out slowly.
And again, take in
a long, slow breath.
And when you're ready,
let it out slowly.
Now you can allow your
breathing to return
to normal, gentle
breaths in and out,
returning to your normal
gentle breathing pace.
And I'd like you now
to imagine yourself
outside in your favorite
place in nature.
Maybe it's a peaceful
tropical beach,
or it could be a
beautiful garden.
And maybe you can
imagine lying back
on a boat which is sailing
on a tranquil river.
It really doesn't matter
where you are, as long
as it feels good to you.
And it's a beautiful day.
The sky is a special
shade of blue, so clear.
And it's a warm summer's day.
There's a breeze gently
blowing over you,
and the temperature is
just how you like it.
And in the sky is
a dazzling sun,
so bright that you just
want to close your eyes
and feel the glowing, healing
warmth of the sun on your body.
And surprisingly, you find
that you can direct that sun
over and around your body.
And as you realize
this, you begin
to direct the light from
the sun over your face.
You can feel the healing
warmth of the light
from the sun over your face,
just relaxing those muscles
around the eyes, around the
nose and mouth and your brow.
And as you do this, you find
that your facial muscles
begin to flatten
out as they relax,
and you let go completely.
And it's a beautiful day.
You move the light from the
sun into the throat area,
feeling the warmth of the light
from the sun in your throat,
relaxing all the muscles, just
letting go completely now.
And the warm sunlight now
moving into your shoulders
and across your
shoulders, making them
feel loose and limp
and comfortable
as your shoulders sink into
the frame of your body.
And you feel so comfortable
now, so relaxed and at peace,
and you let nothing bother
or concern you at all.
And you direct the light from
the sun down your right arm,
from the shoulders to
the tips of your fingers.
The right arm begins
to relax and let go.
And it's a beautiful feeling
to be here right now.
The warmth of the
light from the sun
penetrates the nerves and bones
and muscles of that right arm.
And it's such a beautiful day.
You move the sun
over to your left arm
and guide the light from the
sun down and up your left arm,
from the top of your
shoulders all the way down
to the tips of your fingers.
You can feel the left arm
relaxing, becoming comfortably
heavy and totally relaxed.
Now move that warm light
across and into the chest area
and relax the chest, all
the muscles there, Now
down to the stomach,
relax in your tummy
and down into your hips and your
thighs over to your right leg.
The light warms the muscles
as you relax your right leg.
Let it feel comfortable
and heavy now.
Now move the light from the
sun down your right leg,
up and down from
the top of the hips
to the tips of your toes
as the right leg relaxes,
and you let go.
And it's such a beautiful
day, you now move the light
into your left leg.
You move it up and down the left
leg, from the top of the hips
to the tips of your toes.
And your left leg relaxes,
releasing tension,
letting go now completely.
Your whole body is now totally
and completely relaxed,
from the top of your
head all the way down
to the tips of your toes.
And as your body relaxes,
your mind also relaxes.
And I want you now to
notice that the sun is
setting, going down now,
deeper and deeper down.
And you're so deeply
relaxed but still
completely alert and aware.
You resist the temptation
to fall asleep.
Your mind is thoroughly
relaxed, but you
stay focused on these words.
So now I'd like you to
use your imagination.
And once again, you're in a
wonderful place in nature.
The trees are a
beautiful shade of green.
It's a stunning day, and the
sun is shining down on you.
There's a soft and
gentle breeze in the air,
making you feel pleasantly
relaxed and calm.
All around, you can see
trees and plants and an array
of the most beautiful
flowers you have ever seen,
so colorful and vibrant.
And you can smell the rich
aroma of these flowers,
making you feel so peaceful.
Nothing else matters right now.
You feel completely
at ease and so calm.
And in the distance,
you can hear
the sound of water
flowing slowly
and gently a sound
of water is helping
you to go more and
more deeply relaxed.
You may feel your muscles
are loosening more and more,
relaxing with the beautiful
flowing sound of water.
Out of curiosity, you decide to
follow the sound of the water,
and you feel excited about where
it's leading you, knowing deep
within yourself you're going
to a very special place,
a place where you're
going to create
some positive, wonderful,
long lasting changes.
As you walk slowly
towards the water,
you can hear the sound of
birds singing in the trees.
You feel totally at ease.
As you finally
reach the lake, you
realize it's the most beautiful
vision you've ever seen,
and you're in awe of the
beauty that surrounds you.
The vast lake is filled
with a variety of colors--
rich colors of blues,
turquoise, and light greens--
and it fills your mind and
body with a wave of relaxation.
You may be becoming more relaxed
with each and every breath
you take, feeling more calm,
more peaceful, and more
relaxed than ever before.
Your mind may be
drifting in and out,
just letting go deeper
and deeper still.
You may feel as though your
mind is flowing gently,
flowing gently like the
lake in your imagination.
You look into the distance,
and you can see a wooden bridge
leading over the lake.
You walk towards the bridge,
feeling more and more
deeply relaxed.
As you reach the
bridge, you can see
there are 10 steps leading over
to the other side of the lake.
You slowly start
walking over the bridge,
counting the steps
in your mind--
10, 9, deeper and
deeper still, 8, 7,
all the way down
to relaxation now,
6, 5 and 4, drifting off
peacefully and easily,
3, 2, all the way down,
deeply relaxed, and 1.
You see a comfortable
padded chair,
and you take a seat,
ready to embrace
the changes to come in your
deep state of relaxation now.
And as you continue
relaxing and drifting down
into this calm and
comfortable feeling,
I'd like to talk to you about
the issue of dating confidence.
And dating can be a daunting
thought for many people.
So whether you're newly
single or whether you've
been single for a while, we're
now going to work on this area.
It means that you're
already open to change,
to positive
suggestions, and you'll
allow yourself to be the
best that you can be.
And being the best
version of yourself
will come easily to you.
You know that you don't need
to be loud and overly charming,
overly witty, or charismatic.
All you need to do
is to be yourself,
and you know that
you're good enough.
You know that you're
determined to allow
your unique personality
to project on your date.
And what really
matters is that you
meet someone who genuinely likes
the real you and, of course,
that you like them too.
You no longer listen to
your negative inner critic.
You know that if left
to its own devices,
it will control how you
feel about yourself,
and it will gradually wear
down your confidence levels.
So you need to take charge
of that inner voice,
and you need to do it quickly.
So from now on, you replace
your inner critic's beliefs
with positive affirmations.
Turn your inner critic into
your very own cheerleader.
You're no longer
interested in negativity,
as you know that it
feeds more negativity
and will take over your
thinking altogether.
Change those negative
thoughts into positive ones
and notice the changes
that take place.
You are confident, and you
enjoy meeting new people
and the excitement of dating.
Even if you don't quite
believe it at first,
keep pushing out those
negative thoughts
and replacing them
with positive ones.
You are confident, and you
enjoy meeting new people
and the excitement of dating.
The more you listen to and
repeat that affirmation,
the more your mind
will believe it.
You may initially have to make
a concerted effort to do that.
But with practice, it will
become easier and easier.
And with more practice, the more
your mind will start to change,
and it will start
to believe what
you've been telling yourself.
I'd also like to remind yourself
why you're so unique and so
wonderfully you.
So take a moment now to
think about the things you're
proud of, the things
you're happy with,
the things that you want to
celebrate about yourself,
the things your
friends love about you.
See those qualities
now within your mind
and recognize what a
fantastic person you are.
Perhaps it's kindness,
consideration, someone
who is good fun to be with.
Perhaps it's someone who's
intelligent, helpful, caring,
trustworthy, a person who
likes to stick to their word.
Perhaps you're a good
conversationalist,
a good listener, a generous,
happy, and likable person.
There may be areas that you're
working on and improving.
We all have areas to work on.
Your date does too.
All of those qualities
are a part of you--
the wonderful, unique you.
But right now you're
focusing on the positives,
so take your time now to
make a mental list of all
your positive
traits and qualities
and recognize that
you're someone
that many people would be only
too happy to have as a partner.
And there's a part of you
that wants to take more,
but perhaps your
lack of confidence
has been holding you back.
And you know that one
of the quickest ways
to grow in confidence is to push
yourself out of that comfort
zone that you're living in.
Life is nice and easy when you
don't need to push yourself,
and pushing out of your comfort
zone may initially scare you.
But with your newfound
confidence and newfound
excitement to date, will
leave you feeling fantastic.
You're no longer afraid
to push yourself,
to put yourself out there and
to see what new adventures life
has in store for you.
You know that you don't
need to be feeling your most
confident immediately.
You simply tell yourself
you're confident.
You act confidently and
project that confident image
of yourself on the date.
And if you do it enough
times, it becomes real.
You're tricking
your mind by acting
in such a confident
manner that it'll then
start to believe it's true, and
the confidence will organically
build and shine through.
So now project your
mind into the future.
I'd like you to imagine that
you have a very special date,
and you really want to
make a good impression.
You are at home, and
you're getting ready,
and you're calm and confident.
See yourself now telling
yourself you are confident,
telling yourself you're
excited to meet your date.
Now feel that confidence.
Feel the excitement, the
anticipation of what could be.
The more confident you
feel, the more attractive
you feel, and the more your
date will be interested in you.
Tell yourself you're
confident over and over,
and soon your mind will
turn the words into reality.
And you really are looking
forward to the date.
You start to get dressed, and
you're happy with what you see.
There's no negative
thinking now--
positive thoughts only.
You know that you've got
so many special qualities
which others admire in you.
And now project your
mind a little way further
into the future and imagine
you're already with your date.
Perhaps you're having a
drink or eating dinner.
You're getting to
know one another.
You're genuinely interested in
learning more about your date.
You listen attentively
and you respond
in an appropriate manner.
You maintain eye contact
easily, and you're smiling.
Your body language is open,
receptive, and friendly.
And conversation comes
easily and naturally to you.
And all the time you're relaxed
and calm and confident inside.
Your intuition will
let you know if you'd
like to see your date again.
And if things don't work out,
you tell yourself nothing
ventured, nothing gained.
You're proud of yourself
for going on the date
and for putting
yourself out there.
With each date that
you go on, you're
growing in confidence
more and more,
even if the date
doesn't work out.
You know that the
next date you'll have
will be equally good, if not
better, because next time more
about your date and be even
more relaxed and natural.
Your confidence in dating
again is truly increasing now.
And when, with your
date, you don't
pretend to be something
or someone you're not.
You are your own
authentic, natural self.
You're confident without
appearing arrogant.
You like yourself, and
others like you too.
You enjoy meeting new people.
Every date is so different,
and there's always so much
to learn about the other person.
Conversation flows easily,
and your genuine interest
makes you even more attractive.
You recognize that some
dates will be successful,
and others less so.
You gel more with some
people and not so much
with others, just
like with friendships.
You surprise yourself with your
own feelings of ease and calm
and a quiet inner confidence
that says I am confident,
I have many wonderful
qualities, I respect myself,
and others respect me too.
It may be that you find your
ideal partner after just one
date, or it could take longer.
It really doesn't
matter right now
because you find that it's
fun to be on the dating scene.
You feel lighthearted
because dating is fun,
and you have all the confidence
that you need to succeed,
not only on dates but in all
other areas of your life.
You are a unique individual
with so much to offer.
You realize that your
date may be nervous,
so you always do your
best to put them at ease
without going overboard.
You're aware of the
importance of body language,
and you ensure that yours
is open and friendly.
You're fun to be with,
and you enjoy dating
and getting to know people.
These hypnotic
suggestions are now
embedded in your
subconscious mind,
and they'll become
more and more powerful
as the days and weeks go by.
And in a moment, I'm going
to count up from 1 to 5
to awaken you.
And at the count of 5, you'll
be wide awake, fully refreshed,
alert, and feeling fantastic,
bringing back with you now
all the wonderful feelings.
Coming back now with
1, 2, 3, 4, and 5.
Eyes open when you're ready.
[MUSIC PLAYING]